Update replicaset.md for Issue #12205 with k8s.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/ (#12352)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset.md

If you do end up with multiple controllers that have overlapping selectors, you
will have to manage the deletion yourself.

{{< note >}}

> For 2 ReplicaSet specifying the same `.spec.selector` but different `.spec.template.metadata.labels` and `.spec.template.spec`, each ReplicaSet ignores the Pods created by another and controller creates the Replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For 2 ReplicaSets specifying the same `.spec.selector` but different `.spec.template.metadata.labels` and `.spec.template.spec` fields, each ReplicaSet ignores the Pods created by the other ReplicaSet.
```

Author: Made the changes and requested review
